docs: add a user doc for solutions deployment (#2317)
scality/metalk8s: docs/operation/solutions.rst

Solutions Guide
===============

> To deploy a Solution in a MetalK8s cluster, an utility script is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy a Solution in a MetalK8s cluster, a utility script is provided.
```

Author: done

> This section describe, step by step, how to deploy a Solution using this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes, step by step, how to deploy a Solution using this
```

Author: done

tool.

> This script is located at the root of Metalk8s archive:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tool, located at the root of a MetalK8s archive:
```

Author: done

  .. code::

    /srv/scality/metalk8s-X.X.X/solutions.sh

Import Solution
***************

> First, the Solution must be imported in MetalK8s cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, the Solution must be imported in the cluster (make the container
images available through the cluster registry):
```

Author: done

  .. code::

    ./solutions.sh import --archive </path/to/solution.iso>

> Activate Solution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activate a Solution Version
```

Author: done

*****************

> Then, the Solution must be activated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only one version of a Solution can be active at any point in time.
An active Solution version provides the cluster-wide resources to all other
versions of this Solution. To activate a version, run:
```

Author: done

  .. code::

    ./solutions.sh activate --name <solution-name> --version <solution-version>

Environment Creation
********************

> The Solution will run inside an Environment, to create this environment, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Solutions are meant to be deployed in isolated namespaces, which we call
:term:`Environments <Environment>`. To create an Environment, run:
```

Author: done

  .. code::

    ./solutions.sh create-env --name <environment-name>

> Adding Solution to an Environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a Solution Version to an Environment
```

Author: done

******************************

> The Solution must then be added to this Environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Solutions are packaged with an :term:`Operator`, and optionally an
associated web UI, to provide all required domain-specific logic.
To deploy a Solution Operator and its UI in an Environment, run:
```

Author: done

  .. code::

    ./solutions.sh add-solution --name <environment-name> \

>       --solution <solution-name> --version <solution-version>

Reviewer: After this command, maybe add a really short section to explain that further operations required to deploy and configure the Solution application itself (e.g. a Zenko cluster), our reader should refer to said Solution's documentation and interact with the Operator or UI we just deployed.

Author: done

Solutions Guide
===============

To deploy a Solution in a MetalK8s cluster, a utility script is provided.
This section describes, step by step, how to deploy a Solution using this

> tool, located at the root of Metalk8s archive:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tool, located at the root of MetalK8s archive:
```

Author: done

  .. code::

>     /srv/scality/metalk8s-X.X.X/solutions.sh

Reviewer 2: I think in Sphinx we can insert the right version number instead of `X.X.X`

Author: done

>     /srv/scality/metalk8s-X.X.X/solutions.sh

Reviewer: As @slaperche-scality suggested:

```suggestion
  .. parsed-literal::

    /srv/scality/metalk8s-|release|/solutions.sh
```

Author: Wouw, wonderful !

Author: done

Import a Solution
*****************

First, the Solution must be imported in the cluster (make the container images
available through the cluster registry):

  .. code::

>     ./solutions.sh import --archive </path/to/solution.iso>

Reviewer 2: Absolute path? Or relative are also OK?

With the previous tooling I think absolute path was required.

Author: Both are Ok, yes previous script was only handling absolute paths.

Activate a Solution Version
***************************

Only one version of a Solution can be active at any point in time.

> An active Solution version provides the cluster-wide resources to all other

Reviewer 2: `the cluster-wide resources`, for example?

Author: CRDs

Reviewer 2: Maybe mention it, i.e: `…provides the cluster-wide resources, such as CRDs, to all other…`

Author: done
